[docs] Add Included Suites to Test Suite Guide (#128937)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/TestSuiteGuide.md

of the LLVM project is hosted at [http://lnt.llvm.org](http://lnt.llvm.org).

Included Test Suites
--------------------

The LLVM Test Suite repository includes a number of test suites that we have
copied into the repository from external sources, and hand-written CMake files

> to hook into the LLVM Test Suite system. For example, these include GCC's C
> and Fortran Torture test suites.

Reviewer: NIT: Slight change in wording to be a bit more accurate: we include all the gfortran tests, not just the torture tests.

```suggestion
to hook into the LLVM Test Suite system. These include GCC's C Torture tests and gfortran's test suite.
```

In some cases, these external tests have a different license to other code in
the llvm-test-suite repository, which must be documented in `LICENSE.TXT` in the
root of the test suite repository, under the heading "Software from third
parties included in the LLVM Project".

The only changes we can accept to the tests in these suites are where we bring
in all the changes from the external sources. Users should not make individual

> downstream changes to these tests.

Reviewer 2: I think "users" and "downstream" might be a bit ambiguous in this context. Unless I'm getting the wrong end of the stick, I think you're referring to LLVM contributors making changes and attempting to submit them to the llvm-test-suite repo (downstream from the original tests/benchmarks, but "upstream" from many people's point of view!). I assume we're not trying to pass judgement on whatever atrocities people apply to an llvm-test-suite checkout on their own machine for their downstream only purposes(!).

I have a more general comment about the policy I'll leave on the Discourse thread.

Author: You're right that this is ambiguous. I think the consensus in Discourse is that this needs significant rewriting anyway, but I will make sure I am clearer about what I'm referring to.
